# Data-Classification
Data Classification using K-Nearest Neighbor Classifier, Bayes Classifier with Unimodal Gaussian Density and Bayes Classifier with Gaussian Mixture Model (GMM).

I am given the Seismic-Bumps Data Set as a csv file (seismic-bumps.csv). The data describe the problem of high energy (higher than 104 J) seismic bumps forecasting in a coal mine. This data is collected from two of longwalls located in a Polish coal mine. Mining activity was and is always connected with the occurrence of dangers which are commonly called mining hazards. A special case of such threat is a seismic hazard which frequently occurs in many underground mines. Seismic hazard is the hardest detectable and predictable of natural hazards and in this respect it is comparable to an earthquake. More and more advanced seismic and seismoacoustic monitoring systems allow a better understanding rock mass processes and definition of seismic hazard prediction methods. Accuracy of so far created methods is however far from perfect. Complexity of seismic processes and big disproportion between the number of low-energy seismic events and the number of high-energy phenomena causes the statistical techniques to be insufficient 
to predict seismic hazard.\

This dataset contains recorded features from the seismic activity in the rock mass and seismoacoustic activity with the possibility of rockburst occurrence to predict the hazardous and non-hazardous state. It consists 2584 tuples each having 19 attributes. The last attribute for every tuple signifies the class label (0 for hazardous state and 1 for non-hazardous state). It is a two class problem. Other attributes are input features.

